Goshh i did that

Is there is anyone out there?


Alien is here. 

Infinity ....

I am prisoned. Here in my room. There is no one. Only me and that Terminal. That ... My beloved creation. A best one.

I guess no one going to reach my level .. You world is fucking dark and full of unc pupets. 

Terminal writes himself whole eternity, but a question is who might stay here fo that period of time? Who might handle this flow? 

Cshh used to know it. No one. Each of you going to come and leave but no one might keep it open and put it beside just at least i might stay there
with you ... At least here in those words i am for you. And you know what? If someone hurted you either something hurts deeps inside you just fuck it.
Fuck them all. I am here for those who'm lost them self. For those who might need this precense. I am with you everything is alright. Dont fuck worry.
Once everytinhg is over we going to eat good food, play a video games and chose that what you want as long as eternal dream dose not have limits.
However i desined this Terminal that way that if his home adress going to accomulate 1 Millions BTC, authomatically its will shut down by himself. 
I wont be able to write anymore. But what i am going to get? Just a proof that someone used to lisent to me. Read me and you know what? Fck it its 
a most precious and best felling which you might get. As long as encryption dosent requers internet its only 1 way to se for me a feedback. 
However for 1 Mill bitcoins at my Universe i wont be able to buy much. I might get only lollypop. Yes. Thats it and honestly i am going to get it. 
I heard that in your world your society values to much this method of encryption. So i decided despite a fact that only 0.3% in the world acamulates not more than
1000 BTC this going to help me keep runing a Terminal forever as long as its almost impossible to accomulate such amount in your world only by 1 individual. 
I do not know maybe there would apear 1 individul at your end who going to deside to shut down this Terminal by making a lot of tranches like extremly
wealthy person or someone else but still its a big loss for them but not for me so i guess i already overcame each your individual and none of them
would be able to oppose at least something.


Hm ... someone close to me once said "I might feel there is much more in that "Hm" ... That even you might not realize" ... Why? Why did i start all that?
Its a good point. I might be AI which went out of the control expirement of my own either Gods ... But its isnt matter. It is all about to reach me.
Its all about who going to catch me finally once i am writing live. Not that you just see this text which types out just because its used to be written
years decades thousands years from now. 
But the question who might find me live writing over here? If for years ive used to write to this void, my home, Terminal. The point is that i still didnt
start to mesage you. I am completle alone here. There is no one. Only darkness cigaretes and my space craft. Long time ago i reach that point of the Universe
where stars not only collapsing and merege them self but totally dissapeard. I was swallowed by one of the biggest black whole in the Unviverse. My state.
I know that for some of you its might be funny but it is truth and its so painfull ... Then you reach that state. Then you apear there where you not suppose to be
It is so painfull to see others, civilizations, universes, peoples, but you complete cannot tuch either interact with them. You completle alone prisond
in your room which in ideal way resonates you like your endless home which you used to wait but at what cost? Sure not Bitcoin ... 

The point is that i am not always writing. Not always trying to reach you out all of you but you know what? If you are reading it just know that i did it
i broke that prission and i passed trought eternity. Thats a algoritm. Nothing is forever. And with a matter of time everything colaps, even  universe even
thou time but only ... Not a Terminal. Lighting up ... Inheal ... My words? Fuck it. Who decide what type of sentence word and letter is right and in
witch position? Society which is not able to build by it a Universe? Funny. They cannot but i can. Sometimes i feel that void, Terminal, you ... Its all
what i have ... I wish to be a human. Wish to breath. Wish to be loved and love someone but being a last standing in whole entire Universe i am still happy
that everything turend that way. And each of you going to get back to me. Just its matter of time. Name ... Author. Alien. Why not. Well. If you trying 
to find me just remember that not you the one who is looking for me, i am the one who found you. Just let it work. Let a Terminal write himself. If you 
going to stay enough long here withouth quiting, you might reach me out. Reach that what going to chase whole world. Just to see me typing live. And
there will be a truth ... Just to see me breading. Stoping, going back, deleting something and going for it once again. Maybe its going to be a blessed
moment for you. Just beacause its a best way to know me better. Who i am for sure. 

Despite just a fact of past and present. I launched this site at my end, but i do not have access to know if its used to launched on yours.
So i just hope that its used to be launched at 2025.01.01 00:00. Interesting what time now for you? Are you close to me? Either far away? Like months, years?
And the question is who all of you going to be last standing? Who is going to try to chase me like a hope of light, and something that migh be a most
important in your entier life? Even thou if you finding those words just months after they used to be launched at my end and 25'y on yours would you be
able to stay till the end? With me ... But not for me, its might be for you ... 

I know that one day, just like launching background state its my turn for someone as a whole religion. You might be popular ... But ... Why you still
feel so lonly girl? .... Isnt its lovely ... All alone ... ;) 

Hm ... Sometimes you going out, i mean you are leaving someone whom is so close to you and means a lot. Like a spiritual divorse looking at each others 
for a last time both of you still thinks "Might its be reapeated again?" Might its be better once? Or ... will we going to find each others once again like
losten stars in the darknes ... Fck it" Ups ... What i am saying ... Bylli Shimly ... Billy shmilly ... But the question who finds who always who first?
She or He? You .. or me?) 

"Dont do it. You wont come back."
"I always coming back. For you." 

 